components/data/projects/busrides.md, before:

---
title: Busrides
techStack: ["Next.js", "React", "Node.js", "JavaScript", "HTML", "CSS", "Adobe XD", "React Native"]
index: 0
images: [
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/home.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the Busrides home page
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/authorDetails.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the author details page in Busrides
    }
]
---

Introducing Busrides: As the lead developer and designer, I transformed Busrides into a dynamic micro-learning platform with a name inspired by those fleeting moments on a bus ride to work when one can acquire new knowledge. Originally a modest WordPress site with a handful of users, I embarked on a comprehensive redesign, exploring alternative headless CMS options, and ultimately rebuilding the platform using Next.js and Ghost CMS. Along the way, I introduced engaging events, including an advent calendar filled with daily data insights and an interactive Easter egg hunt that led users across the site. Thanks to these enhancements and the platform's new design, Busrides experienced remarkable growth, attracting over 10,000 users monthly. Recognized for my technical and communication skills, I was offered a full-time, indeterminate position, where I not only met with business owners to translate objectives into code but also excelled in writing clear and accessible documentation, earning praise from non-technical team members. Busrides has evolved into a thriving hub for learning, made possible by this transformative journey.

Commit message:

Content Update + Image Compression
Added new screenshots in for Busrides, plus added a link to the live site.

Compressed all new & existing images for much faster performance

components/data/projects/busrides.md, after:

---
title: Busrides Learning Platform
techStack: ["Next.js", "React", "Node.js", "JavaScript", "HTML", "CSS", "Adobe XD", "React Native"]
index: 0
images: [
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/home.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the Busrides home page
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/homeEpisodes.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the episode list on the Busrides home page
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/episodeTitle.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot showcasing the title of a Busrides episode
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/episodeContent.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot showing the content of a Busrides episode
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/episodeFooter.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the footer of a Busrides episode
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/author.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the author details page in Busrides
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/search.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the search results screen in Busrides
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/busrides/topic.jpg,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the Trending Technology topic page in Busrides
    }
]
---

Introducing [Busrides](https://busrides-trajetsenbus.csps-efpc.gc.ca): As the lead developer and designer, I transformed Busrides into a dynamic micro-learning platform with a name inspired by those fleeting moments on a bus ride to work when one can acquire new knowledge. Originally a modest WordPress site with a handful of users, I embarked on a comprehensive redesign, exploring alternative headless CMS options, and ultimately rebuilding the platform using Next.js and Ghost CMS. Along the way, I introduced engaging events, including an advent calendar filled with daily data insights and an interactive Easter egg hunt that led users across the site. Thanks to these enhancements and the platform's new design, Busrides experienced remarkable growth, attracting over 10,000 users monthly. Recognized for my technical and communication skills, I was offered a full-time, indeterminate position, where I not only met with business owners to translate objectives into code but also excelled in writing clear and accessible documentation, earning praise from non-technical team members. Busrides has evolved into a thriving hub for learning, made possible by this transformative journey.
