components/data/projects/gcTortilla.md, before:

---
title: GC Tortilla
techStack: []
index: 999
images: [
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/defaultSplashScreen.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/logoSplashScreen.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/header.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/footerLightTheme.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/footerLinks.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/headerAndFooter.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the homepage for Jordan Morrison's photography portfolio
    },
]
---
 
Enter description here

Commit message:

Content, host prep + bug fix
Moved draft content into a separate folder to be added in later.

Added a GitHub action to host the site on github pages

Fixed a bug where non-markdown files would attempt to render in the portfolio

components/data/projects/gcTortilla.md, after:

---
title: GC-Tortilla
techStack: [React]
index: 31
images: [
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/defaultSplashScreen.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of the default splash screen component in the GC-Tortilla library
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/logoSplashScreen.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot showing a customized version of the splash screen component in GC-Tortilla
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/headerAndFooter.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot showcasing the header and footer components in GC-Tortilla
    },
    {
        url: /images/projects/gcTortilla/npm.png,
        altTxt: a screenshot of GC-Tortilla on NPM
    }
]
---
 
[GC-Tortilla](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gc-tortilla) is a React library designed to help speed up the development of Government of Canada applications by providing pre-approved branded components. All elements in the components are fully customizable so they can be used by different teams with their own branding as needed. With GC-Tortilla you get a Splash Screen, Header Brand Bar and a Footer all of which are brand ready. The splash screen is unique in that it will use LocalStorage so that once the user set's their initial language preference they will not be forced to re-visit the splash screen every time they access the app. You can utilize all components pre-packaged together by importing GC-Tortilla or you have the option to import GCSplashScreen, GCHeader and GCFooter separately to use them on their own. This library is hosted on NPM and showcases my ability to write clear & concise documentation.
